# CAPSTONE 
West Texas A & M University’s Computer Information System and Business Analytics program allowed for a student without any technical background to gain the skills needed to succeed in a professional setting where I can leverage my technological skills in modern businesses. Throughout my time in the CISBA program I learned how to develop systems through the acquisition of coding skills. I leveraged coding skills to learn how to manage databases. While managing these databases, I learned analytic skills through different tools that allowed for the analysis and reporting on data that has been extracted. In working to maintain the systems that I worked out of, I gained cybersecurity skills that allowed for the understanding of encryption and intrusion detection. 
As a person who has taken a business leadership class at WTAMU and opened my own LLC in Texas, I would say I possess business acumen, as well as leadership skills. That is a strong suit of mine. The CISBA program though helped me developed being able to utilize data to tell a story for any future business I may have or future company I may work for. Through the usage of Power Bi and Tableau from pass courses, I have learned that the visualization of data is not only important, but it is vital when it comes to disseminating data to stake holders. The easier it is to follow, the more appealing the visualization becomes. I have also learned how to use Python modules such as Pandas, Numpy and Pyplot to help with the visualization of data and as well as the control of data. 
In this program I learned about the importance of the management of data. Learning structured query language allowed me to create read update and delete data in a database management system that utilizes SQL. I have become accustomed to the language and can manage a great deal of data. This also means that I can utilize PowerBi to connect to databases that allows for integration, such as DB Browser. Within this program, I utilized the Python language to help develop software. I created the Positivo App which allowed me to return positive quotes using an API. When a user’s responded with an emotion they were feeling, they received a positive quote back. Although I am strong with coming up with ideas, my weakness lied in the fact that I am not the best when it comes to testing. 
While in this program, I often focused on its four goals. The first goal of professional communication was relevant all throughout the course work in the program. Throughout my time at the program, I have written reports independently and in team settings that allowed me to explain the bigger picture of the course that I was enrolled in. I have been able to utilize Jupyter notebook with teammates to help visualize data through python coding. In every course I was able to stick to the second goal of the CISBA program which is critical thinking. I used critical thinking skills to solve different problems. This meant that I used data analytic tools to help recommend solutions. Although I did not have a business role throughout the program, that program perfectly helped simulate the business environment where I was tasked with solving problems that I will one day see in the professional setting. I learned about ethical practices in the program, as well as understanding that stakeholders in business environments can be global. Lastly the focus of the last goal was to integrate Computer Information Systems theory into my repertoire. This meant that I understand what it means to manage a project from start to finish, it also meant that I could analyze data as well as create data.  

The realm of computer information systems is so vast that it may take PhD level of knowledge to cover every minute details of it. This is to say, although the WTAMU CISBA program is an amazing program that I will never regret paying for, I know there are some skills that I wished that I gained out of the program. One such skill would be capturing the flag. I wish that I received more exposure to threats and vulnerabilities in the program as I only know the basic knowledge. I also feel as though, the exposure to certifications such as Security Plus and having more cybersecurity classes to choose from will assist students who would rather take that route in their professional journey. Another skill that I wish I received more exposure to is cloud computing. I understand the basics of cloud computing, but I wish that towards the end of the program I would have had opportunities to be guided towards certification such AWS. I think, although it is something that I can do on my own time aside from the program, the structure that the classes provide may help other students gain the skills necessary to receive the AWS certification. The last thing that I would want is access to the assignment submitted, as having those access years later will allow for me to have feedback that I receive from the class years later. That way I can continue to improve my skills based on feedback.
 
